Add metatables to lua vectors (#11039)
minetest/minetest: doc/lua_api.txt

    {x=num, y=num, z=num}

    Note: it is highly recommended to construct a vector using the helper function:
    vector.new(num, num, num)

> 

Author: I'd like to keep it:
- You will still see code using the old format.
- All the minetest functions and even the `vector.*` functions accept the raw table.

Internally, it is implemented as a table with the 3 fields
`x`, `y` and `z`. Example: `{x = 0, y = 1, z = 0}`.

> However, one should *never* create a vector manually as above. The vector helpers

Author: Done.

* `vector.cross(v1, v2)`:
    * Returns the cross product of `v1` and `v2`.
* `vector.offset(v, x, y, z)`:
    * Returns the sum of the vectors `v` and `(x, y, z)`.
* `vector.is_vector(v)`:

>     * Returns `true` iff `v` is a real vector, eg. created by a `vector.*` function.

Author: `has_metatable` would be too long imo, and doesn't convey what this function is intended to be used for.
But you might be right, a different name might be better.

The "iff"s are on purpose, see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/If_and_only_if.

> * `vector.is_vector(v)`:
>     * Returns `true` iff `v` is a real vector, eg. created by a `vector.*` function.

Reviewer: The word "iff" might indeed be a little bit confusing as it probably seems to be a bit uncommon.

Would it be a viable option to rephrase the sentence in order to avoid this expression?

Suggestion:
```suggestion
    * Returns a boolean value indicating whether `v` is a real vector, eg. created by a `vector.*` function.
```

>     * Returns `true` iff `v` is a real vector, eg. created by a `vector.*` function.

Author: Ok, I've applied you suggestion.
It would be simpler if everyone learned to use and read iff.

>     * Returns `true` iff `v` is a real vector, eg. created by a `vector.*` function.

Author: I've renamed it to `is_real` now. Sounds a bit weird, but whatever.

>(BTW, I haven't forgotten about testing this -- I'm just pressed for time this week.)

(Yes, sure, no problem. : ))

    * Returns a scaled vector.
    * Deprecated: If `s` is a vector: Returns the Schur quotient.

Operators can be used if all of the involved vectors have metatables:
* `v1 == v2`:

>     * Returns `true` iff `v1` and `v2` are identical.

Author: Same as above.

>     * Returns `true` iff `v1` and `v2` are identical.

Author: Replaced with "whether".

* `-v`:
    * Returns the additive inverse of v.
* `v1 + v2`:
    * Returns the sum of both vectors.

>     * Note: `+` can not be used together with scalars.

Author: You normally don't add a scalar and a vector in maths, and imo one would expect + to work like the mathematical + on vectors.

>     * Note: `+` can not be used together with scalars.

Reviewer 2: Makes sense; I guess it's fine for the function to have more behaviour.  Operators should be obvious to understand without reading the docs.
